Agent-side data buffering on network unavailability (#9861)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/network.md

For a detailed configuration guide on proxy setup, see [Agent Proxy Configuration][8].

> ## Agent-side data buffering on network unavailability

Reviewer: can we please elaborate what type of traffic is stored by the Agent, specifically -- does it include:
1. Logs -- if yes, let's also add a link from this [guide](https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/faq/log-collection-is-the-datadog-agent-losing-logs/#pagetitle) to this page
2. Metrics
3. Traces?

Author: The traffic stored on disk includes only the metrics. Doc updated.

For a detailed configuration guide on proxy setup, see [Agent Proxy Configuration][8].

## Agent-side data buffering on network unavailability

> When the network becomes unavailable, the Agent stores the traffic in the memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the network becomes unavailable, the Agent stores traffic in memory.
```

> The maximum memory usage for storing the traffic is defined by the configuration `forwarder_retry_queue_payloads_max_size`. When this limit is reached, the traffic is dropped.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The maximum memory usage for storing the traffic is defined by `forwarder_retry_queue_payloads_max_size`. When this limit is reached, the traffic is dropped.
```

> The maximum memory usage for storing the traffic is defined by the configuration `forwarder_retry_queue_payloads_max_size`. When this limit is reached, the traffic is dropped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum memory usage for storing traffic is defined by the `forwarder_retry_queue_payloads_max_size` configuration setting. When this limit is reached, the traffic is dropped.
```

> The Agent `7.27.0` and above can store the traffic on the disk when the memory limit is reached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agent version 7.27.0 and above can store traffic on disk when the memory limit is reached.
```

> This feature is enabled by setting `forwarder_storage_max_size_in_bytes` to a positive value.
> `forwarder_storage_max_size_in_bytes` defines the maximum amount of storage space the Agent can use to store the traffic on the disk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable this capability by setting `forwarder_storage_max_size_in_bytes` to a positive value indicating the maximum amount of storage space, in bytes, that the Agent can use to store traffic on disk.
```

> The traffic is stored in the folder defined by `forwarder_storage_path` which is by default `/opt/datadog-agent/run/transactions_to_retry` on Unix systems and `C:\ProgramData\Datadog\run\transactions_to_retry` on Windows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The traffic is stored in the folder defined by the `forwarder_storage_path` setting, which is by default `/opt/datadog-agent/run/transactions_to_retry` on Unix systems and `C:\ProgramData\Datadog\run\transactions_to_retry` on Windows.
```

> Note: In order to avoid running out of storage space, the Agent can store the traffic on the disk only if the total storage space used is less than 95%. This limit is defined by `forwarder_storage_max_disk_ratio`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid running out of storage space, the Agent stores traffic on disk only if the total storage space used is less than 95 percent. This limit is defined by `forwarder_storage_max_disk_ratio` setting.
```
